README.md, before:

# turtlebot3_hospital_sim

## Overview

The purpose of this package is to simulate a group of three turtlebots 3 in a Hospital environment. 
This package was inspired by the tutorials from [ROBOTIS](http://robotis.com/) for [turtlebot3](http://emanual.robotis.com/docs/en/platform/turtlebot3/specifications/)
Each robot has a 360º lidar, two wheels and a camera and they can be controlled using the topic _/cmd_vel_ as any other mobile robot in ROS ([REP-105](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-0105.html)).

The code in this package can be used either with **simulated robots** or with **real robots**:

<p float="left">
  <img src="/docs/gif1.gif" width="430" />
  <img src="/docs/gif2.gif" width="430" /> 
</p>

### License

The source code is released under a [MIT license](LICENSE).

**Author: Gabriel F P Araujo<br />
Affiliation: [LES](https://github.com/lesunb)<br />
Maintainer: [Gabriel F P Araujo](mailto:gabriel.fp.araujo@gmail.com)**

The turtlebot3_hospital_sim package has been tested under Ubuntu 18.04, [ROS Melodic](https://wiki.ros.org/melodic/Installation/Ubuntu) and Gazebo 9.
This is a research code, expect that it changes often and any fitness for a particular purpose is disclaimed.

<p float="center">
  <img src="/docs/gif-presentation.gif" width="860" />
</p>

<!-- [![Build Status](http://rsl-ci.ethz.ch/buildStatus/icon?job=ros_best_practices)](http://rsl-ci.ethz.ch/job/ros_best_practices/) -->

## Usage

Clone this repository to your catkin workspace.

```bash
cd ${YOUR_WORKSPACE_PATH}/src
git clone https://github.com/Gastd/turtlebot3_hospital_sim.git
cd ../
catkin_make
```


## Run the Simulation
The Simulation uses the well known Gazebo Simulated that is shiped with ROS. 

* Before running the simulation, you must install the turtlebot3 packages.

    ```bash
    sudo apt install ros-melodic-turtlebot3-simulations ros-melodic-turtlebot3-bringup
    catkin_make
    ```

Run the simulation to test the code:

* In a terminal with your ros workspace
    ```
    roslaunch turtlebot3_hospital_sim turtles_in_a_hospital.launch
    ```

This will open the Gazebo with the robots in posistion and ready to go.


## Some kind of Roadmap

In a Hospital environment, it is expected to have many different robots with different capabilities where they can reach some goals as a team without contraints. So a team with robots with or without manipulation, with or without mobility, can be built and simulated to reach cooperative goals.



<!-- ## Disclaimer

This code is used in research, have a good time! -->

<!-- # Package Name

## Overview

This is a template: replace, remove, and add where required. Describe here what this package does and what it's meant for in a few sentences.

**Keywords:** example, package, template

### License

The source code is released under a [BSD 3-Clause license](ros_package_template/LICENSE).

**Author: Péter Fankhauser<br />
Affiliation: [ANYbotics](https://www.anybotics.com/)<br />
Maintainer: Péter Fankhauser, pfankhauser@anybotics.com**

The PACKAGE NAME package has been tested under [ROS] Indigo and Ubuntu 14.04. This is research code, expect that it changes often and any fitness for a particular purpose is disclaimed.

[![Build Status](http://rsl-ci.ethz.ch/buildStatus/icon?job=ros_best_practices)](http://rsl-ci.ethz.ch/job/ros_best_practices/)


![Example image](doc/example.jpg)


### Publications

If you use this work in an academic context, please cite the following publication(s):

* P. Fankhauser, M. Bloesch, C. Gehring, M. Hutter, and R. Siegwart: **PAPER TITLE**. IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), 2015. ([PDF](http://dx.doi.org/10.3929/ethz-a-010173654))

        @inproceedings{Fankhauser2015,
            author = {Fankhauser, P\'{e}ter and Hutter, Marco},
            booktitle = {IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)},
            title = {{PAPER TITLE}},
            publisher = {IEEE},
            year = {2015}
        }


## Installation

### Installation from Packages

To install all packages from the this repository as Debian packages use

    sudo apt-get install ros-indigo-...

### Building from Source

#### Dependencies

- [Robot Operating System (ROS)](http://wiki.ros.org) (middleware for robotics),
- [Eigen] (linear algebra library)

    sudo apt-get install libeigen3-dev


#### Building

To build from source, clone the latest version from this repository into your catkin workspace and compile the package using

  cd catkin_workspace/src
  git clone https://github.com/ethz-asl/ros_package_template.git
  cd ../
  catkin_make


### Unit Tests

Run the unit tests with

  catkin_make run_tests_ros_package_template


## Usage

Describe the quickest way to run this software, for example:

Run the main node with

  roslaunch ros_package_template ros_package_template.launch

## Config files

Config file folder/set 1

* **config_file_1.yaml** Shortly explain the content of this config file

Config file folder/set 2

* **...**

## Launch files

* **launch_file_1.launch:** shortly explain what is launched (e.g standard simulation, simulation with gdb,...)

     Argument set 1

     - **`argument_1`** Short description (e.g. as commented in launch file). Default: `default_value`.

    Argument set 2

    - **`...`**

* **...**

## Nodes

### ros_package_template

Reads temperature measurements and computed the average.


#### Subscribed Topics

* **`/temperature`** ([sensor_msgs/Temperature])

  The temperature measurements from which the average is computed.


#### Published Topics

...


#### Services

* **`get_average`** ([std_srvs/Trigger])

  Returns information about the current average. For example, you can trigger the computation from the console with

    rosservice call /ros_package_template/get_average


#### Parameters

* **`subscriber_topic`** (string, default: "/temperature")

  The name of the input topic.

* **`cache_size`** (int, default: 200, min: 0, max: 1000)

  The size of the cache.


### NODE_B_NAME

...


## Bugs & Feature Requests

Please report bugs and request features using the [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/ethz-asl/ros_best_practices/issues).


[ROS]: http://www.ros.org
[rviz]: http://wiki.ros.org/rviz
[Eigen]: http://eigen.tuxfamily.org
[std_srvs/Trigger]: http://docs.ros.org/api/std_srvs/html/srv/Trigger.html
[sensor_msgs/Temperature]: http://docs.ros.org/api/sensor_msgs/html/msg/Temperature.html
 -->

Commit message:

fix typos and add youtube video

README.md, after:

# turtlebot3_hospital_sim

## Overview

The purpose of this package is to simulate a group of three turtlebots 3 in a Hospital environment. 
This package was inspired by the tutorials from [ROBOTIS](http://robotis.com/) for [turtlebot3](http://emanual.robotis.com/docs/en/platform/turtlebot3/specifications/)
Each robot has a 360° lidar, two wheels and a camera and they can be controlled using the topic _/cmd_vel_ as any other mobile robot in ROS ([REP-105](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-0105.html)).

The code in this package can be used either with **simulated robots** or with **real robots**:

<p float="left">
  <img src="/docs/gif1.gif" width="430" />
  <img src="/docs/gif2.gif" width="430" /> 
</p>

### License

The source code is released under a [MIT license](LICENSE).

**Author: Gabriel F P Araujo<br />
Affiliation: [LES](https://github.com/lesunb)<br />
Maintainer: [Gabriel F P Araujo](mailto:gabriel.fp.araujo@gmail.com)**

The turtlebot3_hospital_sim package has been tested under Ubuntu 18.04, [ROS Melodic](https://wiki.ros.org/melodic/Installation/Ubuntu) and Gazebo 9.
This is a research code, expect that it changes often and any fitness for a particular purpose is disclaimed.

<p float="center">
  <img src="/docs/gif-presentation.gif" width="860" />
</p>

<!-- [![Build Status](http://rsl-ci.ethz.ch/buildStatus/icon?job=ros_best_practices)](http://rsl-ci.ethz.ch/job/ros_best_practices/) -->

## Usage

Clone this repository to your catkin workspace.

```bash
cd ${YOUR_WORKSPACE_PATH}/src
git clone https://github.com/Gastd/turtlebot3_hospital_sim.git
cd ../
catkin_make
```


## Run the Simulation
The Simulation uses the well known Gazebo Simulated that is shipped with ROS.

* Before running the simulation, you must install the turtlebot3 packages.

    ```bash
    sudo apt install ros-melodic-turtlebot3-simulations ros-melodic-turtlebot3-bringup
    catkin_make
    ```

Run the simulation to test the code:

* In a terminal with your ros workspace
    ```
    roslaunch turtlebot3_hospital_sim turtles_in_a_hospital.launch
    ```

This will open the Gazebo with the robots in position and ready to go.

## Youtube Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YcMHVNv3jME" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


## Some kind of Road map

In a hospital environment, many different robots with different capabilities can be used where they can reach some goals as a team without constraints. So a team with robots with or without manipulation, with or without mobility, can be built and simulated to reach cooperative goals.



<!-- ## Disclaimer

This code is used in research, have a good time! -->

<!-- # Package Name

## Overview

This is a template: replace, remove, and add where required. Describe here what this package does and what it's meant for in a few sentences.

**Keywords:** example, package, template

### License

The source code is released under a [BSD 3-Clause license](ros_package_template/LICENSE).

**Author: Péter Fankhauser<br />
Affiliation: [ANYbotics](https://www.anybotics.com/)<br />
Maintainer: Péter Fankhauser, pfankhauser@anybotics.com**

The PACKAGE NAME package has been tested under [ROS] Indigo and Ubuntu 14.04. This is research code, expect that it changes often and any fitness for a particular purpose is disclaimed.

[![Build Status](http://rsl-ci.ethz.ch/buildStatus/icon?job=ros_best_practices)](http://rsl-ci.ethz.ch/job/ros_best_practices/)


![Example image](doc/example.jpg)


### Publications

If you use this work in an academic context, please cite the following publication(s):

* P. Fankhauser, M. Bloesch, C. Gehring, M. Hutter, and R. Siegwart: **PAPER TITLE**. IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), 2015. ([PDF](http://dx.doi.org/10.3929/ethz-a-010173654))

        @inproceedings{Fankhauser2015,
            author = {Fankhauser, P\'{e}ter and Hutter, Marco},
            booktitle = {IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)},
            title = {{PAPER TITLE}},
            publisher = {IEEE},
            year = {2015}
        }


## Installation

### Installation from Packages

To install all packages from the this repository as Debian packages use

    sudo apt-get install ros-indigo-...

### Building from Source

#### Dependencies

- [Robot Operating System (ROS)](http://wiki.ros.org) (middleware for robotics),
- [Eigen] (linear algebra library)

    sudo apt-get install libeigen3-dev


#### Building

To build from source, clone the latest version from this repository into your catkin workspace and compile the package using

  cd catkin_workspace/src
  git clone https://github.com/ethz-asl/ros_package_template.git
  cd ../
  catkin_make


### Unit Tests

Run the unit tests with

  catkin_make run_tests_ros_package_template


## Usage

Describe the quickest way to run this software, for example:

Run the main node with

  roslaunch ros_package_template ros_package_template.launch

## Config files

Config file folder/set 1

* **config_file_1.yaml** Shortly explain the content of this config file

Config file folder/set 2

* **...**

## Launch files

* **launch_file_1.launch:** shortly explain what is launched (e.g standard simulation, simulation with gdb,...)

     Argument set 1

     - **`argument_1`** Short description (e.g. as commented in launch file). Default: `default_value`.

    Argument set 2

    - **`...`**

* **...**

## Nodes

### ros_package_template

Reads temperature measurements and computed the average.


#### Subscribed Topics

* **`/temperature`** ([sensor_msgs/Temperature])

  The temperature measurements from which the average is computed.


#### Published Topics

...


#### Services

* **`get_average`** ([std_srvs/Trigger])

  Returns information about the current average. For example, you can trigger the computation from the console with

    rosservice call /ros_package_template/get_average


#### Parameters

* **`subscriber_topic`** (string, default: "/temperature")

  The name of the input topic.

* **`cache_size`** (int, default: 200, min: 0, max: 1000)

  The size of the cache.


### NODE_B_NAME

...


## Bugs & Feature Requests

Please report bugs and request features using the [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/ethz-asl/ros_best_practices/issues).


[ROS]: http://www.ros.org
[rviz]: http://wiki.ros.org/rviz
[Eigen]: http://eigen.tuxfamily.org
[std_srvs/Trigger]: http://docs.ros.org/api/std_srvs/html/srv/Trigger.html
[sensor_msgs/Temperature]: http://docs.ros.org/api/sensor_msgs/html/msg/Temperature.html
 -->
